Look at your little finger.
It's got a woman's flag stuck to it.
Why are you silent?
Don't you want to be a man?
I'll tell you the truth.
I can't cut it off.
The gun-like project is a Banpo project,
so it's related to the president's Sara.
I don't have a daughter-in-law,
so I want a child-rearing company.
I wanted a child-rearing company,
so I was looking for a job for Sara.
But that day,
the old woman's color was fading away,
and we talked in the balcony of the building.
I heard it at nine o'clock.
I was really angry.
I thought the old woman had been
robbed of her money.
But I was still there.
It was about two o'clock.
I was worried about everything,
so I took the elevator to the seventh floor.
I saw the room from the window
on the door of the corridor.
But...
What happened then?
I saw something I shouldn't have.
I was so worried that my stomach would run.
I was really upset.
I heard the president's voice.
President,
please don't sleep.
I said this,
and I took out the sleeping pill.
I saw Sara's face.
I took out the envelope from her pocket
and took out the envelope from her pocket.
I opened the door and went inside.
You were there.
I did a terrible thing.
I'll forgive you.
Give me the money.
Here you are.
What?
200 yen?
Don't joke.
You're going to do it in the color you came in the afternoon.
What?
You can't say that.
You did that in front of me.
I saw what you were going to do.
I jumped on the head of the snake.
I did a terrible thing.
Sara moved.
I was surprised.
I used the pistol I usually had.
I put the body of the snake in front of Sara.
I pulled the body of the snake from the window.
I did it like a suicide.
I turned off the light and went down from the seventh floor to the first floor.
I changed the sleeping pill.
I was bitten by a snake.
I was lucky.
Tamai Koichi, the elevator boy, committed suicide on Tuesday.
He was sentenced to death.
Thank you for your viewing.